Don't worry, Alexander, we'll find the owner.
How, Robbie?
Let me think.
Demisit.
Good, Gemma.
Give me a paw.
This dog is well-tradied.
She likes you, too.
So how are we going to find the owners?
With the little help from the ASPCA.
The American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
They're the ones who once found a cat.
She was caught in the branches of our tree and dad called the ASPCA.
They came and solved the problem.
Robbie, let's call them.
Let me see.
ASPCA.
Here it is.
ASPCA Animal Shelter.
2557700.
Hello, ASPCA.
Hello.
My name is Robbie Stewart.
I have a lost dog I'd like to bring to you.
How late you opened?
We're all until 9pm.
Thank you.
I'll bring the dog over by 9pm.
Thanks.
Bye.
Goodbye.
They're still open?
They're open until 9pm.
We have two and a half hours.
Let's take Gemma by there now.
They'll find the owner.
I hope so.
I'm so sad to see this little dog without her family.
I'm sure they'll find the owner.
But if they don't all adopt her, she's so cute.
Look at those eyes.
She's hard to resist, don't you just love her?
I'd like to keep her too.
But I'll be going home to Grace at the end of the semester.
She just wants love and affection.
Come on Robbie.
Don't worry, Gemma.
We'll get you home.
It's not easy being away from home.
Come on, Pucci.
Add a girl.
Let's go.
We're off to the animal shelter.
Here.
Hey.
It's my pal.
You're there.
Hey.
Here, Kate.
You're there.
My name.
My name isressed.
I love everything for myself.
If you love something, that's how I found it.
Hey.
Hi.
Nice to meet you.
My name isfe.
You're fine?
Good.
I fuckin' goofy.
Why, fulfil, clShare.
Regular girl.
nicke hey.
She found death.
You tried calling the number on the caller?
Yes.
But the number is no longer in service.
And there's no address on the dog tag.
There's no other information.
No ID number.
Without that, it's hard.
You will try to find the dog's owner.
Oh, we'll try, believe me.
And if you don't, yes.
If you don't, can I...
Can I adopt the dog?
Why, yes.
If the owners don't claim the dog in 48 hours,
then you can apply for adoption.
How do I do that?
You really want to?
Yes, I'm serious.
If no one comes to claim JAMA, I'd like to adopt her.
It's not difficult.
I'm not serious.
Listen.
Team page is the pump.
I mean, the number is the pump.
The dog.
Where did you find the dog?
The owner.
I'm sure they'll find the owner.
The problem is they need to find the owner of the dog.
The number.
You tried calling the number on the collar?
The animal shelter.
Come on, Ladi.
Let's get into the animal shelter so they can find her owners quickly.
The number is out of service, so the problem is they need to find the owner of the dog.
And the owner is very late.
But the animal shelter is open to mine.
The dog.
The owner.
The problem.
The animal.
The number.
The hour.
Who here though before a consonant sound.
The dog.
The problem.
The number.
You hear the before a vowel sound.
The owner.
The animal.
The hour.
Whoa!
H is not a vowel sound.
It's a consonant sound.
But it's not the first sound.
The age is silent.
The hour.
What about the dog?
Ladi has the idea to adopt JAMA if the owners.
The leavensons don't call the office.
You hear them before a consonant sound.
You hear thee before a vowel sound.
The idea.
The owner.
The leavensons.
The office.
I just love the American society for the
prevention of cruelty to animal.
The end.